RHDEVDOCS-6466: Content creation for Pipelines 1.18.1 RN (#93814)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-release-notes-1-18.adoc

* Before this update, when using {pac}, if you used the `generateName` field in a `PipelineRun` resource to match the resource to the `incoming` webhook, the match would not work correctly. With this update, the issue is fixed.

* Before this update, when using {pac}, the `on-cel-expression` annotation was not working on push events in Bitbucket Data Center. With this update, the issue is fixed.

[id="release-notes-1-18-1_{context}"]
== Release notes for {pipelines-title} 1.18.1

With this update, {pipelines-title} General Availability (GA) 1.18.1 is available on {OCP} 4.15 and later versions.

[id="fixed-issues-1-18-1_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

* Before this update, `Results` configuration options were not being applied to `TektonConfig` Custom Resource (CR). With this update, `Results` configuration options from the `TektonConfig` CR are now correctly applied to the TektonResults object.

> * Before this update, if `PipelineRun` without the `cancel-in-progress` annotation was executed due to a Pull Request (PR) and that PR was closed, the `PipelineRun` would be automatically cancelled. With this update, `Pipelines as Code` can cancel `PipelineRun` if the `cancel-in-progress` annotation is explicitly specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, if {pac} started a pipeline run without the `cancel-in-progress` annotation because of a Pull Request (PR) and that PR was closed, the pipeline run was automatically cancelled. With this update, {pac} does not cancel the pipeline run unless the `cancel-in-progress` annotation is explicitly specified.
```

> * Before this update, the `Pipelines as Code` controller experienced crashes due to an index out of range error. With this update, this issue is resolved and the `Pipelines as Code` controller does not crash.

Author: Fixed.

> * Before this update, the {OCP} Web UI for `PipelineRun` displayed duplicate `TaskRuns` and showed incorrect step completion status based on archived data. With this update, you must list `TaskRuns` that belong to the current `PipelineRun` and use the status of the current `TaskRun`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the web console for a `PipelineRun` object displayed duplicate `TaskRun` objects and incorrect step completion status based on archived data. With this update, the console displays only the `TaskRun` objects that belong to the current pipeline run and the status bar in the console shows the status of the current task tun.

Author: Fixed.

> * Before this update, when using the `cancel-in-progress` annotation to cancel `PipelineRun` on PR updates or pushes, `PipelineRun` created with the `generateName` field could not be filtered by PAC. This was because the `generateName` field includes a hyphen (-) suffix, which does not comply with Kubernetes label requirements; labels must start and end with an alphanumeric character. This mismatch led to errors. With this update, you can use the `originalPRName` label instead of the annotation to filter `PipelineRun`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, if you used the `cancel-in-progress` annotation in a {pac} pipeline run and specified the `generateName` field for this pipeline run, {pac} could not cancel this pipeline run when another copy of the pipeline run started. With this update, {pac} cancels the pipeline run normally.
```

Author: Fixed.

* Before this update, when using {pac}, if you used the `generateName` field in a `PipelineRun` resource to match the resource to the `incoming` webhook, the match would not work correctly. With this update, the issue is fixed.

* Before this update, when using {pac}, the `on-cel-expression` annotation was not working on push events in Bitbucket Data Center. With this update, the issue is fixed.

[id="release-notes-1-18-1_{context}"]
== Release notes for {pipelines-title} 1.18.1

With this update, {pipelines-title} General Availability (GA) 1.18.1 is available on {OCP} 4.15 and later versions.

[id="fixed-issues-1-18-1_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

> * Before this update, when you set configuration options for  {tekton-results} on the `TektonConfig` Custom Resource (CR), they were not propagated to the `TektonResult` CR and were not applied to the {tekton-results} component. With this update, configuration options from the `TektonConfig` CR are correctly propagated to the `TektonResult` CR and applied to the {tekton-results} component.

Author: Fixed.

> * Before this update, if {pac} started a pipeline run without the `cancel-in-progress` annotation because of a Pull Request (PR) and that PR was closed, the pipeline run was automatically cancelled. With this update, {pac} does not cancel the pipeline run unless the `cancel-in-progress` annotation is explicitly specified.

Author: Fixed.

> * Before this update, the {pac} controller sometimes stopped working and logged an "index out of range" error. With this update, this issue is resolved and the {pac} controller does not stop working.

Author: Fixed.

> * Before this update, the {pac} controller sometimes stopped working and logged an "index out of range" error. With this update, this issue is resolved and the {pac} controller controller does not stop working.

Author: Fixed.

> * Before this update, the {pac} controller sometimes stoppwed working and logged an "index out of range" error. With this update, this issue is resolved and the {pac} controller controller does not stop working.

Author: Fixed.

> * Before this update, the web console for a `PipelineRun` object displayed duplicate `TaskRun` objects and incorrect step completion status based on archived data. With this update, the console displays only the `TaskRun` objects that belong to the current pipeline run and the status bar in the console shows the status of the current task tun.

Reviewer: As far as I understand "the current PipelineRun/TaskRun" is actually against doc style guides as object names chould not be used as nouns. But @Dhruv-Soni11 please fix this typo and also "stoppwed" to "stopped" in the previous paragraph - the typos might be my mistakes
